README.md, before:

# MuMuTauTauAnalyzer

This framework is used to analyze the output of "MuMuTauTauTreelizer". It is written in standard C++/ROOT format, as is independent from CMSSW. 
It reads the vector trees of different objects (eg. muons, electrons, taus, and jets), through making customized selection scripts, and outputs 
of variable histograms and/or flat trees.

# Introduction for running the analyzer

First you must make sure you have the ROOT library included in your local environment. 

$ git clone https://github.com/Fengwangdong/MuMuTauTauAnalyzer.git

$ cd MuMuTauTauAnalyzer

$ make clean

$ make # compile the C++ functions

$ cp example.cfg mumutautau.cfg

One needs the "mumutautau.cfg" file to customize the default input parameters before running the analyzer. In addition, these parameters can be 
also customized in the command line for instance when executing the analyzer, for instance:

$ ./runMuMuAnalyzer doWhat=DYJets maxEvents=1000 ###### for producing histograms of the dimuon channel (control region)

$ ./runMuMuTauMuTauMuAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_mu + tau_mu channel

$ ./runMuMuTauMuTauEAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_mu + tau_e channel

$ ./runMuMuTauETauEAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_e + tau_e channel

$ ./runMuMuTauMuTauHadAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_mu + tau_had channel

$ ./runMuMuTauETauHadAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_e + tau_had channel

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauMuTauMuAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_mu + tau_mu channel (control region for jet faking muon study) 

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauMuTauEAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_mu + tau_e channel (control region for jet faking muon study) 

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauMuTauHadAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_mu + tau_had channel (control region for jet faking tau study) 

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauETauEAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_e + tau_e channel (control region for jet faking muon study) 

$ ./runMuTauFlatTreelizer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ###### for producing the flat trees of the tau_mu + tau_had channel

NOTE: If the parameters are customized in the command line, their default values in "mumutautau.cfg" will be ignored.

The ``FlatTreelizer'' produces a flat tree containing the variables that will be used for subsequent RooFit/combine steps.

Commit message:

add a branch with rochester correction

README.md, after:

# MuMuTauTauAnalyzer

This framework is used to analyze the output of "MuMuTauTauTreelizer". It is written in standard C++/ROOT format, as is independent from CMSSW. 
It reads the vector trees of different objects (eg. muons, electrons, taus, and jets), through making customized selection scripts, and outputs 
of variable histograms and/or flat trees.

# Introduction for running the analyzer
NOTE: This branch has Rochester correction, which is dependent on BOOST C++ library. It is recommended to be run on lxplus or LPC, otherwise one has 
to install and build the BOOST locally.

First you must make sure you have the ROOT library included in your local environment. 

$ git clone https://github.com/Fengwangdong/MuMuTauTauAnalyzer.git

$ cd MuMuTauTauAnalyzer

$ make clean

$ make # compile the C++ functions

$ cp example.cfg mumutautau.cfg

One needs the "mumutautau.cfg" file to customize the default input parameters before running the analyzer. In addition, these parameters can be 
also customized in the command line for instance when executing the analyzer, for instance:

$ ./runMuMuAnalyzer doWhat=DYJets maxEvents=1000 ###### for producing histograms of the dimuon channel (control region)

$ ./runMuMuTauMuTauMuAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_mu + tau_mu channel

$ ./runMuMuTauMuTauEAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_mu + tau_e channel

$ ./runMuMuTauETauEAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_e + tau_e channel

$ ./runMuMuTauMuTauHadAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_mu + tau_had channel

$ ./runMuMuTauETauHadAnalyzer doWhat=H125AA5 maxEvents=2000 ###### for producing histograms of the tau_e + tau_had channel

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauMuTauMuAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_mu + tau_mu channel (control region for jet faking muon study) 

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauMuTauEAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_mu + tau_e channel (control region for jet faking muon study) 

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauMuTauHadAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_mu + tau_had channel (control region for jet faking tau study) 

$ ./runFakeMuMuTauETauEAnalyzer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ##### for producing the histograms of dimuon + tau_e + tau_e channel (control region for jet faking muon study) 

$ ./runMuTauFlatTreelizer doWhat=Data maxEvents=3000 ###### for producing the flat trees of the tau_mu + tau_had channel

NOTE: If the parameters are customized in the command line, their default values in "mumutautau.cfg" will be ignored.

The ''FlatTreelizer'' produces a flat tree containing the variables that will be used for subsequent RooFit/combine steps.
